= lighthouse-ical

Lighthouse scheduled milestones output as an iCal feed.  Unscheduled milestones will not be in the feed.

== Configuration
The first thing you need to set is the account name.  This is the same
as the web address for your account.
  Lighthouse.account = 'meerwerks'

Then, you should set the authentication.  You can either use your login
credentials with HTTP Basic Authentication or with an API Tokens.  You can
find more info on tokens at Lighthouse[http://lighthouseapp.com/help/using-beacons].

=== With basic authentication
   Lighthouse.authenticate('rick@techno-weenie.net', 'spacemonkey')

=== or, use a token
   Lighthouse.token = 'abcdefg'

If no token or authentication info is given, you'll only be granted public access.

== Usage
   LighthouseIcal.create_calendar_for_project_id(project_id)             #Pass the projectID of the Lighthouse Project to generate iCal string for

   LighthouseIcal.create_ics_file_for_project_id(filepath,project_id)    #Generates an ics file at the specified filepath for the Lighthouse project with project_id

For an example webservice using the library, look at http://lighthouse-ical.craiga.id.au/[http://lighthouse-ical.craiga.id.au/].

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010-2011 Niels Meersschaert. See LICENSE for details.
